Dungeons are mysterious spaces that exist on every planet. Besides Zero and Omega, there are 4 dungeons per planet, 3 of which are seen as practice and a 4th which carries the true challenge. All dungeons can be challenged alone or in a group and vary greatly in their contents depending on the individual or individuals who have decided to challenge them. Before [[Einar's Party]] challenged the 92 dungeons, it was seen as a waste of time to challenge them. This is because there was always a serious risk and never presented any reward. After the dungeon on Omega unlocked however, that changed. Dungeons began rewarding those who completed them with powerful treasures and riches. The more difficult the dungeon, the greater the reward.
#### Key
A dungeon key is given to individuals by [[Planetary Cluster#Zero|Zero]] after they have completed its challenge. The challenge is different for everyone and can be done alone or in a group. A key is a small [[Soul Bound Items|soul bound]] orb the glows in a color based on the individual's [[Mana]]. It can not be interacted with by any known means, even by its owner. Anything that attempts to touch it will just pass right though. The key can either float, orbiting around or remain hidden, depending on the owners will.
#### Challenger
The term challenger was coined by the [[Guardians]]. They refer to any individual who has a dungeon key as a challenger. The term has become universal for anyone who is challenging the dungeons.
#### Champion
The term champion was coined by the [[Rankings]]. When they were created, it was decided only those who are able to complete all of the dungeons should be ranked, and so the term champion is used to describe any challenger who has completed the 92 dungeons and arrived to [[Einar's Palace]].