In between the planets is a sea of Mana. This Mana disperses to nothing as it gets close to the [[Planetary Cluster|planets]] and becomes much more dense the further from the planets it is. Mana is what allows creatures to live, breath and grow and so a [[Guardians|Guardian]] is required for a planet to support life. A [[Guardians|guardian]] acts as a syphon for Mana, pulling it in from the infinite sea and supplying it to the planet. Many powerful creatures live in the Mana outside of planets. There are no stars in the sea of Mana, only planets. Night and day is universal between all of the planets as the sea of Mana fluctuates between glowing brightly and going dark in a cycle that lasts 24 hours.

Mana creates, but also extends the lifespan. Individuals are able to live for quite a long time even with just basic control over mana. As that control increases, lifespans are prolonged past a thousand years. The age at which this control develops defines how the body appears. Those who are quick to develop and control mana could remain a child their entire life, whereas someone else may unlock their potential later and remain old for the rest of their days. No matter the case however, unlocking greater control for mana results in the body remaining healthy and in peak physical condition for the duration of the individual's life. Mana can support an individual's life indefinitely, but they may only control mana for a number of years. Eventually the body stops being able to process and control mana. Once this happens, the individual ages rapidly and dies.

Mana also supports evolution. Various creatures that would normally just be seen as animals can awaken control to mana and evolve into something greater. Some animals are able to become humanoid, and live amongst the general population. This concept of evolution has caused many mages with high control over Mana to see themselves as superior lifeforms. Despite no actual changes to their bodies, they see themselves as having evolved into something greater.