There are many small groups that have formed on the various planets independent of the rule of the [[10 Great Clans]]. Some more well known of those groups are detailed here.
### Dragon's Wing Tavern
Created and led by [[Notable Characters#Arianna Sault|Arianna Sault]], this tavern on Omicron is an impartial organization that handles all sorts of jobs and requests that go unhandled by the major clans. The main organization is still a tavern however, and many individuals and groups travel from all over for the food and festivities.
### Einar's Shadow
A radical group dedicated to upholding [[Amalric Einar|Einar's]] image. They are viewed as complete psychos and have no true connection with [[Amalric Einar|Einar]], they just view him as a god. Einar's Shadow are known to kill any of [[Einar's Warriors]] who is seen as disrespecting his name and they also kill anyone who disrespects [[Einar's Warriors]]. They are a fairly large organization with eyes and ears everywhere but their actual numbers, base locations and leaders are unknown. Even leaders in the [[10 Great Clans]] view them as a serious threat.
### Sturm Orphanage
Despite unknown sources of funding, a few Sturm Orphanages remain open to this day in honor of [[Einar's Party#Lidiya Sturm|Lidiya Sturm]]. They take in any and all orphans that they can, regardless of affiliation. Sturm Orphanages are neutral and peaceful locations, and attacking one will trigger the wrath of all of the [[10 Great Clans]].
### The Hector Post
The one and only news organization of the known universe. The planetary cluster's trusted news source for over 300 years. From breaking national, regional and world news to the biggest events in politics, sports, business and entertainment, they're there when it matters. With over 40,000 journalists and freelancers across the cosmos, The Hector Post delivers on time, every time, in any language you might want to read it in. Trusted by all of the major clans as well as independent ones to bring you the news that matters.
### The Ranking Organization
Created by [[Notable Characters#Sigmund Hall|Sigmund Hall]], an individual from the [[Smith Clan]]. He broke off with the clan and developed an independent organization to deal with rankings. Many talent from other clans joined shortly after its creation and the organization as a whole is largely well respected nowadays. Their base of operations is on Omega, near the [[Einar's Palace|palace]].