Personally selected by [[Amalric Einar|Einar]] himself in order to determine his heir, Einar's warriors are seen and treated as royalty wherever they go.

To become a warrior requires looks, talent, potential and luck. All of the warriors are attractive, incredibly powerful mages that nobody can see the limit of their potential. After fitting all of those criteria, [[Amalric Einar|Einar]] must hear about the individual and they must peak his interest enough for him to send them a letter, inviting them to his [[Einar's Palace|palace]]. If they make it to the [[Einar's Palace|palace]], [[Amalric Einar|Einar]] then judges if they are worthy and those that pass become a warrior.

To have a warrior come from a clan is seen as an honor but it also causes jealousy to rise from rivals. If an individual cannot make it to [[Einar's Palace]], [[Amalric Einar|Einar]] sees this as them not being worthy and does not intervene. As such, one learns very quickly how many enemies they have if they are selected to become a warrior.

Einar's Warriors are technically a neutral group, but most who become warriors remain loyal to their existing clan. There are a few special rules surrounding them that are well known.
- If one is captured in a battle they cannot be restrained, held captive or held for ransom. They are to be treated with respect and escorted off the battlefield by the captor and they are not to return to the battlefield. There are those who try to exploit this, but they are usually quickly killed off by a member of [[Notable Groups#Einar's Shadow|Einar's Shadow]].
- They are not allowed to participate in any negotiations of any kind unless they are arbitrating as a neutral third party. If there is proof of bias while they are acting as a third party they will be killed off by a member of [[Notable Groups#Einar's Shadow|Einar's Shadow]].
- Any assets owned are theirs alone. They cannot be merged, shared or used for the benefit of a clan. Loans are allowed, but again, trying to exploit this usually leads to a quick death by a member of [[Notable Groups#Einar's Shadow|Einar's Shadow]].
- Robbing, killing or otherwise seriously harming a warrior after they have visited [[Einar's Palace]] and been chosen by him will mark anyone involved as high priority hit targets for [[Notable Groups#Einar's Shadow|Einar's Shadow]]. The journey to [[Einar's Palace]] before being selected is free game.